OK we are back and we're talking about video production set ups once again as I described the wisdom
shot which is a way of setting up and shooting videos with one speaker and it's inspired by the work
of those guys.
That's the one you see everywhere with singular colored background behind them with lamp posts towards
it.
They have a gradient flowing up behind the back of their head.
When you do it now I want to talk about an even older and more widely used video production setup.
The interview now people have been shooting interviews for many years because if you can show some footage
of someone speaking to a person well it can provide an intimate personal kind of experience sort of
looking straight into the camera or the speaker looks and delivers the responses to questions off camera
usually looking to the person asking the questions.
These kinds of videos can be used as explainer videos but also are really effective when you just need
someone to tell a story.
This is why many client testimonials and interviews for case studies are shot using this particular
setup.
So if you have some interviews to conduct for your marketing videos this is definitely something that
you should check out.
Now for our purposes let's assume we go with a classic set up where one person is interviewed on camera
while the interviewer is off camera.
So in this way the interviewer can either ask questions or they can prompt the subject to talk about
specific things that would be valuable in the video.
This is not too different from the Whiskey a shot.
But the first big difference is the orientation and the location of the subject instead of being in
the middle of the frame the subject is usually positioned like slightly off to one side.
Now check out this video by the Criterion Collection where they interview Jack Nicholson about the movie
Five Easy Pieces.
He's on the left side of the frame looking toward the right.
It's a natural looking setup that you could actually reverse depending on the result that you want it.
Now you could position the subject on the right and then have them look to the left that really matter
for lighting you still want to have two light sources behind the camera pointed towards the subject.
However in an interview set up you might want to consider what professionals call a three point lighting
setup and you've heard me talk about 3.20 before I think in most situations it's kind of both.
But for an interview this actually might be one of the scenarios where it works.
So like we see a shot you're going to use at least three lights just a little bit differently.
So number one place a large soft light on the side that your subject is looking at now in Jack Nicholson's
case.
Place it on the right side.
This is called your key light.
Now second place another soft light on the other side but not as strong as the key light.
And this is essentially used to remove any harsh shadows from the subject's face.
This light is called the fill light so the key lights remain on the fill kind of fills in what's left.
Then third and this is actually kind of optionals you can place a third light called the backlight or
hair light above or behind the subject which essentially helps create some kind of separation between
them the background.
Now depending on what your speakers are wearing and what the background looks like you might need some
light to help them stand out in this shot with Jack Nicholson.
He's in front of a large bright window.
So you'd be less concerned with him blending into the background and more concerned with making sure
he's lit well enough from the front.
Whatever use really is make sure they have the same color temperature so your subject has the same coloration.
You don't want them to look natural on one side from a higher temperature or daylight bulb than yellowish
and gross on the other side from a tungsten McAleer bulbs the color will look nice and even if you have
two subjects instead of one just use the space logically and evenly spaced them on camera.
Now in this interview from a censure to members of their strategy team are being interviewed with two
people who might need stronger or more lighting to make sure they're well lit but otherwise the set
up is pretty much the same thing.
So for audio Well you could try one shock on Mike pointing at the subject or if it's two people in between
the two and that works obviously if they don't move around a lot and that's case you're probably safe.
But you could also opt for a lavalier mike but you know the option is really going to be up to you.
I personally don't like lowlier is because you can see them and it just makes it look fake and not unnatural.
Keep in mind you might also want to Mike the interviewer right the person asking your questions.
You don't obviously want the questions to just be silent and then we just hope we understand what they're
asking.
You know or it might not be the case that you need to display the questions first.
If it is the case that you want this will then just make sure that you have a mic for the person asking
the questions and for video Well the simplest solution is just to use one camera to shoot your subject
get everything set up hit record and that's really all you need.
However if you wanted to do like a second camera and you get either a closer angle of your subject or
an alternative angle that's perfectly fine.
Another angle means that you have something to cut to in case you need to edit the subjects response.
Maybe they restart a story or they flub some words or use some downtime they have to cut out who knows.
It always seems like there's something that you have to edit.
So having that second backup angle to cut two can actually help quite a bit.
Another camera could be also used to shoot your interview earlier.
And if so well then you need to light them as well.
You can actually do the the thing you see like news outlets and associated press do an interview say
like the president where they essentially have the same setup twice.
So you're looking at the first say the president talking to the interviewer slightly or not looking
at the camera off screen and then the reverse.
They actually have two cameras so flip between question answer or question answer.
Then usually the third camera on the very back just to show the whole setup just a tip if you do decide
to use multiple cameras they don't have to be exact obviously like brand or model but you have to make
sure that all the settings match up sometimes lower quality cameras just won't be able to match higher
quality and so you have a natural difference but you only learn this from trying.
Now you have your main camera set for a certain type of exposure for example.
Well then you have to make sure that's on the same exposure of the same equivalent exposure.
What do you consider in interview is how to present the questions.
Now you really have two options here.
Either you put a camera on a mike on the person asking them or you don't.
If you plan on having a lively conversation expect the interviewer to jump in with a follow up question
or interact with the subject or I don't know laugh it makes sense to show them and of course meet them
as well.
But the other option is just to do that talking head interview in its name this way because your video
will essentially be a talking head with no other angles or people in it and that's perfectly fine.
It's a style many people use.
So the only person you want being seen and heard is your subject and you obviously don't have to make
the interviewer save yourself some time and money.
The other reason I would like your interviewer is just to hear the questions they ask and here's why.
If you don't show or Mike The interviewer then how do they know what the question being asked what other
people do if they're not going to like them as they'll show like title cards or were called lower thirds
that pop in the lower third section of the video to say what the question is.
But you know that requires editing in that same century interview video.
They actually transition with title cards.
So just cuts title card then cuts.
So it shows the question then the answer it shows the next question though.
The transition as far as background goes you could use that seamless paper background that we talked
about in the whiskey a shot.
Or you could use a location like an office or a conference room bowling alley if you have an office.
That's a great place to do it whatever.
Just keep the same fundamentals and money.
Your subject needs to be well lit.
They don't honestly blend into the background so focus on that.
So it makes sense.
Anything I didn't mention is really up to you.
And it does take some trial and error to get this one right but we have covered all the major parts
of it.
Try it out try a couple of test interviews of this because some of your inner reviews you might discover
you want to tweak the position a subject and maybe change the background or even set them in a different
chair.
There's a lot of different things you can do.
I guess that's the interview set up.
I'll see you in the next lecture.